OrphanTypeDeclaration Error explaination (#395)
purescript/documentation: errors/OrphanTypeDeclaration.md

```purescript
module ShortFailingExample where

addTwo :: Number -> Number -> Number
addToo a b = a + b
...
```

## Cause

Purescript requires that the type declaration for a function or value (i.e. the line with the `::` in it)
be followed immidiatly by the definition of that function or value (i.e. the line with the `=` in it). The

> compiler has found a declaration for which a defination did not follow.

Reviewer: ```diff
- be followed immidiatly
+ be followed immediately
```
```diff
- for which a defination
+ for which a definition
```

> This is often caused by typographical issues.  Check to see that the declaration and the

Reviewer 2: Just a suggestion; while “typographical issues” is correct here, I think there’s a risk of not getting the point across (I suspect many people don’t know that this is what “typo” is short for).
```suggestion
This is often caused by spelling mistakes.  Check to see that the declaration and the
```

Reviewer: I almost said this in my review...

Author: I thought about this.  This error also shows up with indentation issues which are not spelling errors technically speaking, but I have no problem if the community wants to use simpler language.

Reviewer 3: I missed the error myself when reading the above example.
What about:
> This is often caused by spelling mistakes ("Two" vs "Too" in this case).

> The most common cause of this error are typographical issues.  Check to see that the declaration and the

Reviewer: How about "This is often caused by typographical issues." ?

> definition are spelled the same. Purescript is a whitespace sensitive language and the presence of an

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
definition are spelled the same. PureScript is a whitespace sensitive language and the presence of an
```

> extra space can make the defination look like a part of the declaration.

Reviewer: `defination` -> `definition`

## Fix

- Ensure that the next (non-comment) line is the definition for the listed declaration.

> - Check that the spelling of they two matches.

Reviewer: `they` -> `the`

> - Check for extra spaces.  Both declarationa and defination should start with the same indentation.

Reviewer: `declarationa` -> `declaration`
`definition` -> `definition`
